# Value sources

In this article we will generally use @Xunit.CombinatorialDataAttribute.
Please note that @Xunit.PairwiseDataAttribute is equally applicable in all these samples.

## Enumerable values

Parameter types with allowed values that can already be enumerated will be provided those values by default.
Consider this case of using @System.Boolean as the parameter type:

[!code-csharp[](../../samples/GettingStarted.cs#CombinatorialBool)]

The @Xunit.CombinatorialDataAttribute (or @"Xunit.PairwiseDataAttribute") will supply Xunit with both `true` and `false` arguments to run the test method with, resulting in two invocations of your test method with individual results reported for each invocation.

Using a C# `enum` type will similarly yield each enum value automatically for test case generation.

## Custom-supplied values

To supply your own values to pass in for each parameter, use the
@Xunit.CombinatorialValuesAttribute:

[!code-csharp[](../../samples/ValueSources.cs#CombinatorialValues)]

This will run your test method four times with each of the prescribed values.

## Values over a range

To run a test with a parameter over a range of values, we have
@Xunit.CombinatorialRangeAttribute to generate tests over intervals of integers.

[!code-csharp[](../../samples/ValueSources.cs#ValuesOverRange)]

@Xunit.CombinatorialRangeAttribute has two distinct constructors.
When supplied with two integers `from` and `count`, Xunit will create a test case where the parameter equals `from`, and it will increment the parameter by 1 for `count` number of cases.

In the second constructor, @Xunit.CombinatorialRangeAttribute accepts three integer parameters.
In the generated cases, the parameter value will step up from the first integer to the second integer, and the third integer specifies the interval of which to increment.

## Value generated by a member

The @Xunit.CombinatorialMemberDataAttribute may be used to generate values for an individual Theory parameter using a static member on the test class.
The static member may be a field, property or method.

A value-generating method is used here:

[!code-csharp[](../../samples/ValueSources.cs#GeneratedByMethod)]

A value-generating property is used here:

[!code-csharp[](../../samples/ValueSources.cs#GeneratedByProperty)]

A value-generating field also works:

[!code-csharp[](../../samples/ValueSources.cs#GeneratedByField)]

## Randomly generated values

The @Xunit.CombinatorialRandomDataAttribute can be applied to theory parameters to generate random integer values.
The min, max, and number of values can all be set via named parameters.

[!code-csharp[](../../samples/ValueSources.cs#CombinatorialRandomData)]
